Engine Structure

Engine
	Entrypoint for engine
	initializes window/everything
	loads +Levels, tracks cached game objects
	handles input
	maintains the +World
??	(+Viewport in +Engine or in +World? Right now, I'm leaning towards +World)
	update
	draw
	handles +Menus/pause

	I think I'll probably need some global managers or whatever
		Input - bind, fire
		Menu - open menu, transition to other menus, resume play
		UI - display HUD
		Cache - keeps track (copies) of loaded files and stuff, load file, cache size?

Level
	defines a +World for the game to use
	has a background (tiles?), bounds
	contains position data (& other data) about +WorldObjects
	defines how viewport tracks (or doesn't) player
??	how to handle scripting and stuff?
	tracks success/fail conditions, tranisition to other levels
??	should it use a file? dynamically created levels?

World
	all +WorldObjects/+Controllers in current play
	updates/draws its objects
	handles cleanup of unneeded objects
	maintains all current possible transitions probably

WorldObject (Entity? "Object that exists" I kinda like it, but its pretty vague...)
	Anything that is manifested visually in the world
	position, velocity/movement/rotation, +Sprite, +WorldObjectState
	extend to add:
		+Controller (+Controllable)
		--NOT YET-- flying/combat inputs (+Ship)
		damage, health, lots of stuff --YES--
?? 			maybe every object is destructible, has potential to deal damage, etc.
	
	Controllable (Puppet?)
		Anything that has a controller (whether AI or player)
		has input functions that Controller can call/use for whatever

WorldObjectState
	Tracks state information of a WorldObject
	WorldObjects can have multiple states
	Affects anything about a character probably
	Good for blocking input, changing sprite to reflect internal state, tracking interactibility, etc.

Controller
	something that controls a +Controllable
??	Should +Controllable get input from its +Controller, or vice-versa?
	+PlayerController & +AIControllers
	
	PlayerController
		receives user input
		inputs are bound to PlayerController functions

	AIController
		programatically determines which inputs to provide to its Controllable

Sprite
	visual representation of a WorldObject
	image file, location on image file, dimensions
	affected by state
	extended by +Animation
	no/empty update function

	Animation
		uses an animation file
			-references image, update times (timer), dimensions, all of that stuff
		updates sprite data periodically
		does use update function
??		affected by object state somehow?

Hitbox
	position, height, width, rotation
	Functions exist to check for overlap.

Viewport
	captures a section of the world to display on the screen
??	Should it be anchored to "cameras"?
	options
		match screen resolution?
		match screen aspect ratio?
		Mutliple cameras
	Yeah, I think binding a viewport to a camera makes sense, and then move the camera through the world
	Menus/ui are drawn directly to the viewport

Lights
??	Entity or other object. Its not really inherently a physical world object, but maybe it could be bound to an entity so that when the entity is destroyed,
the light is, too.
	Several types of light. Do I want to implement all of them?
	Spot light, point light, ambient light, directional light
	color, intensity, falloff
	spot light also has angles and stuff

Audio
	Two types - single & looping
	Audio can be limited to a time length, or let it run its course
	Looping audio also has a loop limit, or it can run indefinitely
	load, create (?), run, setLimit, end, unload



Managers
	Load, unload, create, destroy, fire, end
	Input
		bind, unbind
		Multiple inputs can be bound to a key, and an input can be bound to multiple keys
		Binds a function to be called when key/button/action is invoked.
		Passes a value from -1 to 1. Digital is either 1 or 0, although I might not include 0 at all, 
				unless I can think of a reason to fire an action when the button is released or something
	Audio
		Handles all of the unique audio objects
	Sprite?
		Handles all of the unique sprites/animations
	World?
		Handles (possible every instance?) world objects, lights, etc.
	Level?
		Loads, unloads, links levels
	Menu
		Handles Menu interaction, linking other menus, linking other levels, etc
	HUD
		Handles on-screen heads-up display information
		Displays HUD on the screen
		I could probably combine this with the Menu manager to create an interface to draw images and text on the screen
		draws sprites/text to a static position on the screen
	Viewport/Cameras?
		Might not be nevessary, but something to handle viewport movement/camera switching could be nice...




Components
	Graphics Component
	Collision Component
	Text Component?
	Input Component